README.md, before:


## Udacity Front End Nanodegree

I began this Nanodegree sometime in January as I was lucky enough to be a scholarship recipient of [OneTen](https://oneten.org/) and [BlacksInTech](https://www.blacksintechnology.net/).

I wanted to document my journey as I learn Front End Development fundamentals while also dipping my toes in the cloud.

(Setting up this environment was so complicated but that's another story for another day, lol.)

Anyway, since I have this set up now, I might try to log my progress here.


---


4.16.22 Need to review implicit type coercion and strict equality.

4.17.22 Reoredered File Structure and began learning about conditionals.

4.20.22 Need help figuring out the logic to the Murder Mystery quiz.

4.21.22 Still not understanding logic behind Murder Mystery quiz. Will proceed forward with course.

4.21.22.2 Got some help, the code works but the code checker says it's wrong. Smh.

4.22.22 Need help with conditionals. I might have to create a JavaScript Self Study repo because I am obviously not understanding something.

4.25.22 Working on the Ice Cream Quiz. Went over Advanced Conditionals, Truthy and Falsy, as well as Ternary Operators. I am so confused.

4.25.22.2 Testing config. Again.

4.25.22.3 Worked on Ternary Operators & Switch Statements. Finished Lesson 3. Setup files/environment for Lesson 4.

Commit message:

Worked on While Loops & JuliaJames quiz.

README.md, after:


## Udacity Front End Nanodegree

I began this Nanodegree sometime in January as I was lucky enough to be a scholarship recipient of [OneTen](https://oneten.org/) and [BlacksInTech](https://www.blacksintechnology.net/).

I wanted to document my journey as I learn Front End Development fundamentals while also dipping my toes in the cloud.

(Setting up this environment was so complicated but that's another story for another day, lol.)

Anyway, since I have this set up now, I might try to log my progress here.


---


4.16.22 Need to review implicit type coercion and strict equality.

4.17.22 Reoredered File Structure and began learning about conditionals.

4.20.22 Need help figuring out the logic to the Murder Mystery quiz.

4.21.22 Still not understanding logic behind Murder Mystery quiz. Will proceed forward with course.

4.21.22.2 Got some help, the code works but the code checker says it's wrong. Smh.

4.22.22 Need help with conditionals. I might have to create a JavaScript Self Study repo because I am obviously not understanding something.

4.25.22 Working on the Ice Cream Quiz. Went over Advanced Conditionals, Truthy and Falsy, as well as Ternary Operators. I am so confused.

4.25.22.2 Testing config. Again.

4.25.22.3 Worked on Ternary Operators & Switch Statements. Finished Lesson 3. Setup files/environment for Lesson 4.\

4.26.22 Worked on While Loops & JuliaJames quiz.
